README.md, before:

# Islandora Metadata CSV

Not fully functional. Probably best not to use it yet.

## Overview

Islandora 7.x utility module to generate a CSV file of the metadata used in a collection.

1. go to a collection's "Manage" tab
1. click on the "Collection" subtab
1. click on the "Generate CSV file of metadata used in this collection" vertical tab
1. click on the "Generate metadata CSV" button.
1. download the file.

Screencaps:

![The menu](docs/images/collection_menu.png)
![The button](docs/images/collection_button.png)
![The link](docs/images/collection_download.png)

The list only contains rows for objects that are direct children of the current collection, and the columns in the CSV file are filtered to those Solr fields that have at least one value in the collection:

![Sample CSV](docs/images/csv.png)

## Configuration

Admin settings are at `admin/islandora/tools/islandora_get_csv`.

Users need 'manage collection policy' permissions to see the "Generate CSV file of metadata used in this collection" link.

## Dependencies

* [Islandora](https://github.com/Islandora/islandora)
* [Islandora Solr](https://github.com/Islandora/islandora_solr_search)
* [Islandora Collection Solution Pack](https://github.com/Islandora/islandora_solution_pack_collection)

## License

* [GPLv3](http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-3.0.txt)

Commit message:

Added ability to specify fields not wanted in the output.

README.md, after:

# Islandora Metadata CSV

Not fully functional. Probably best not to use it yet.

## Overview

Islandora 7.x utility module to generate a CSV file of the metadata used in a collection.

1. go to a collection's "Manage" tab
1. click on the "Collection" subtab
1. click on the "Generate CSV file of metadata used in this collection" vertical tab
1. click on the "Generate metadata CSV" button.
1. download the file.

Screencaps:

![The menu](docs/images/collection_menu.png)
![The button](docs/images/collection_button.png)
![The link](docs/images/collection_download.png)

The list only contains rows for objects that are direct children of the current collection, and the columns in the CSV file are filtered to those Solr fields that have at least one value in the collection:

![Sample CSV](docs/images/csv.png)

Values of multivalued fields are subdelimited by commas.

## Configuration

Admin settings are at `admin/islandora/tools/islandora_get_csv`.

Users need the 'Manage collection policies' permission to see the "Generate CSV file of metadata used in this collection" link and generate a CSV file.

## Dependencies

* [Islandora](https://github.com/Islandora/islandora)
* [Islandora Solr](https://github.com/Islandora/islandora_solr_search)
* [Islandora Collection Solution Pack](https://github.com/Islandora/islandora_solution_pack_collection)

## License

* [GPLv3](http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-3.0.txt)
